[4777][ADD] auth_oauth_force_oauth (#60)
qrtl/thc-oca: auth_oauth_enforced/readme/CONTEXT.md

> To streamline security practices, many companies are adopting an OAuth-only login policy, reducing risks associated with managing multiple passwords. However, in B2B scenarios—such as when third-party service providers like accounting firms require access to Odoo—enforcing OAuth exclusively can lead to operational inefficiencies, as third parties may need to create and manage dedicated accounts for this purpose. To overcome this challenge, implementing domain-specific OAuth enforcement offers a more flexible and targeted solution.

Reviewer: Make it more concise as it sounds a bit too verbose (the last sentence sounds very ChatGPTish and we don't want that), and apply the 88-char max length for better readability, although it's not required by the linter.

> For example, some companies may have wanted to enforce OAuth for their users.
> On the other hand, there may be those who prefer not to enforce OAuth for users
> such as stakeholders accessing the portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you may want to enforce OAuth login for your employees for security reasons,
while it may not be appropriate to do so for portal users. This module intends to
address this need.
```
